Add metric to count event with reason needPods (#205)
openshift/openshift-controller-manager: docs/metrics.md

| ---- | ---- | ------ | ----------- |
| `openshift_template_instance_completed_total` | Counter | `condition` | Counts completed TemplateInstance objects by condition |
| `openshift_template_instance_active_age_seconds` | Histogram | No labels | Shows the instantaneous age distribution of active TemplateInstance objects |

## Unidling
| Name | Type | Labels | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ------ | ----------- |

> | `openshift_unidling_count` | Counter | No labels | Counts number of events handled with a reason of needPods |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `openshift_unidle_events_total` | Counter | No labels | Total count of unidling events observed by the unidling controller |
```
